1 . Introduction It has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres . The results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e.g. , Garstung , 1958 ) . When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon . Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface . Radio observations of Venus and Jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets . The observed intensity of the radio emission of Venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity , although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about 600-degrees . This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence . For the case of Jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and non-thermal components . Of the remaining planets , only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources , and not very much
Abstract Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( Argon ) . Thus , the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc . It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy . A detailed energy balance of the anode was established . The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount . The dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the transpirating gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 Amp and 200 Aj . Qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities . Introduction The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation . The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode . In free-burning electric arcs , for instance , approximately 90% of the total arc power is transferred to the anode giving rise to local heat fluxes in excess of Af as measured by the authors -- the exact value depending on the arc atmosphere . In plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode . The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs . In plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat . The heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 . Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .