The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence '' that any irregularities took place . The jury further said in term-end presentments that the City Executive Committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the City of Atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted . The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. . `` Only a relative handful of such reports was received '' , the jury said , `` considering the widespread interest in the election , the number of voters and the size of this city '' . The jury said it did find that many of Georgia's registration and election laws `` are outmoded or inadequate and often ambiguous '' . It recommended that Fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them '' . The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' . Merger proposed However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' . The City Purchasing Department , the jury said , `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies '' . It urged that the city `` take steps to remedy '' this problem . Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury . It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an
Austin , Texas -- Committee approval of Gov. Price Daniel's `` abandoned property '' act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers . Daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous Legislatures , in a public hearing before the House Committee on Revenue and Taxation . Under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it . Daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help erase an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next Aug. 31 . He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic '' . It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more . The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property , Daniel declared . Dewey Lawrence , a Tyler lawyer representing the Texas Bankers Association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with depositors and undermine the confidence of bank customers . `` If you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said . `` You take out of circulation many millions of dollars '' . Rep. Charles E. Hughes of Sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to